Add support for tileStyle property (#130)
MapsPeople/web-ui: packages/map-template/README.md

|`venue`|`string`|The Venue to load from your MapsIndoors Solution. |
|`locationId`|`string`|Set a MapsIndoors Location ID to show it on the map and its details in the sheet. |
|`primaryColor`|`string`|The primary color to use throughout the app. |
|`logo`|`string`|The logo to show during initial load. |

> |`tileStyle`|`string`|Tile style name to change the interface of the map. |

Reviewer: @markhougaard Can we get your input to the phrasing here?

Reviewer 2: Maybe this?

```suggestion
|`tileStyle`|`string`|Name of Tile Style to display on the map. |
```
